Sorry for not being rescued.
Oh, honey!
How can I live without you?
old lady
You are the patient here.
Acquired cancer
Do chemotherapy here
My wife lent me money everywhere to treat diseases
Ask for help at a low level
I advised him to give up
But he didn't want to let me go, I didn't expect him to leave like this
Lord Slag, let me help you back to the house first
Hahahaha
This guy
It's really unlucky to stuff my teeth with a sip of cold water
madam
Do you think that person will be unable to think about it when he goes back?
Suicide
Shut your crow's mouth
It's not good to pay the doctor. Pay the doctor.
The patient just now, he jumped off the building
Pardon me?
There is still a chance
I can save him.
The wife is gone, how can you save her like this?
Miss Xia, please go back first
Leave it to me here
Wait a minute.
Dr. Fu
Only I can save him